"These are words Britons should heed immediately.  Despite state surveillance now being more overbearing than ever, the general public remains blissfully ignorant of its presence.  Our denial daydreams consist of the unintelligible adage “if you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear.”let this pitiful defence should have been forcibly denounced in the wake of the unsettling Snowden revelations almost five years ago. We are all too willing to allow the government to further legislate against privacy, and to simply let fringe human rights groups take on the brunt of a battle for it that should be fought on the national scale. Our vote to leave the EU was supposedly to reclaim 'sovereignty' – but we’ve handed it back to a technophobic, anti-privacy government soon to be unshackled by protective EU rights and data privacy law. In taking aim at the terrorist threat we have instead shot ourselves in the foot.  Liberty has been caught in the crossfire.  Our attitude must change."||| "Finally, one of the more striking changes I made when redrafting was the addition of fire and smoke-based imagery.  What I wanted to convey in employing these techniques was the oppressiveness and widespread nature of prejudice in Southern society. Initially, I used the metaphor of “smokescreen obscuring the truth” to show that Henry’s enlightenment was starting to help him rethink the firm beliefs his father had imprinted on him. The ‘smoke’ concealing the truth is really just the muddle of malevolent, invasive prejudices that had been implanted in Henry which prevented him from realising the cruelty of slavery.  In the following paragraph I extend this metaphor and take a slightly different slant on it:"||| "So, we propose to boycott the 2018 World Cup not only to pressure the Russian state, but also to demonstrate to FIFA that we will not tolerate their corrupt and unethical practices.  FIFA’s immense power over international football should not make them invincible. If we do not put pressure on the organisation we will be implicitly proving to them that they can get away with this without international rebuke. This is why multilateral action is necessary, to push the misgoverned FIFA to either change their ways or be internationally condemned."||| "The constitutional feasibility of a ‘military necessity’ justification opened up an opportunity for emancipation which Lincoln took unreservedly. Lincoln’s fundamental antislavery beliefs constituted the end goal of emancipation, but in his prudence and pragmatism he was capable of adapting the means by which he would reach this bright future.  To the extent that practical considerations – most notably the failure of Lincoln’s plan of compensated, gradual emancipation - altered the methodology of emancipation, they can be seen as impacting the end result of the Proclamation.|||  But Lincoln was not forced reluctantly into the liberation of millions.  The traditional view of Lincoln as the ‘Great Emancipator’ is well justified – the Emancipation Proclamation was crucially the result of his fundamental principles."|||"Still, it’s great that natural beauty evokes universal appreciation, for it meant that I could connect more easily with my cousin.  With my command of the Russian language abysmal and his understanding of English incomplete, I was glad that there were simple things like the pretty views we could talk about."|||"But not five minutes into our journey down the path to the pools, this fantasy illusion was shattered by those low-hanging clouds letting loose a tsunami upon us. While it was funny to see the swarms of tourists fleeing back up the path to the safety of their cars, I can’t say I enjoyed having my soggy jeans stick firmly to my legs for the rest of the day. Perhaps this was nature’s way of getting back at us for those ugly wind turbines."


